{
    "Aloevera": "Aloe vera is known for its various medicinal properties. It is commonly used to treat skin conditions such as burns, sunburns, and psoriasis. It is also used for constipation, diabetes, and other health issues.",
    "Amla": "Amla, also known as Indian gooseberry, is rich in vitamin C and antioxidants. It is used in Ayurvedic medicine to improve digestion, boost immunity, and promote hair growth.",
    "Amruthaballi": "Amruthaballi, also known as giloy or Tinospora cordifolia, is used in Ayurvedic medicine for its immunomodulatory properties. It is believed to boost immunity and help in the treatment of various diseases.",
    "Arali": "Arali, also known as Indian mulberry or Morinda citrifolia, is used in traditional medicine for its anti-inflammatory and analgesic properties. It is also believed to have antioxidant effects.",
    "Astma_weed": "Astma weed, also known as Euphorbia hirta, is used in traditional medicine to treat asthma, bronchitis, and other respiratory conditions. It is also believed to have anti-inflammatory and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Badipala": "Badipala, also known as Banyan tree or Ficus benghalensis, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Balloon_Vine": "Balloon vine, also known as Cardiospermum halicacabum, is used in traditional medicine for its anti-inflammatory and analgesic properties. It is also believed to have antioxidant effects.",
    "Bamboo": "Bamboo is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Beans": "Beans are rich in protein, fiber, vitamins, and minerals. They are considered to be a healthy food choice and are associated with various health benefits, including weight loss, improved heart health, and better blood sugar control.",
    "Betel": "Betel leaves are used in traditional medicine for their various health benefits. They are believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Bhrami": "Bhrami, also known as Bacopa monnieri, is used in Ayurvedic medicine to improve memory, reduce anxiety, and treat epilepsy. It is also believed to have antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties.",
    "Bringaraja": "Bringaraja, also known as false daisy or Eclipta prostrata, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Caricature": "Caricature, also known as cassia fistula, is used in traditional medicine for its laxative properties. It is believed to help in the treatment of constipation and other digestive issues.",
    "Castor": "Castor, also known as Ricinus communis, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Catharanthus": "Catharanthus, also known as periwinkle or Vinca rosea, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have anticancer, antidiabetic, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Chakte": "Chakte is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Chilly": "Chilly, also known as Capsicum annuum, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Citron lime (herelikai)": "Citron lime, also known as herelikai or Citrus medica, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Coffee": "Coffee is a popular beverage consumed worldwide. It is rich in antioxidants and is associated with various health benefits, including improved energy levels, mood, and cognitive function.",
    "Common rue(naagdalli)": "Common rue, also known as Ruta graveolens, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Coriender": "Coriander, also known as Coriandrum sativum, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Curry": "Curry leaves are used in traditional medicine for their various health benefits. They are believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Doddpathre": "Doddpathre, also known as Ajwain or Trachyspermum ammi, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Drumstick": "Drumstick, also known as Moringa oleifera, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Ekka": "Ekka is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Eucalyptus": "Eucalyptus is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Ganigale": "Ganigale, also known as Indian borage or Coleus amboinicus, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Ganike": "Ganike is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Gasagase": "Gasagase is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Ginger": "Ginger is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Globe Amarnath": "Globe amarnath, also known as Gomphrena globosa, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Guava": "Guava is a tropical fruit that is rich in vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. It is believed to have various health benefits, including improved digestion, weight loss, and better immunity.",
    "Henna": "Henna, also known as Lawsonia inermis, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Hibiscus": "Hibiscus is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Honge": "Honge is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Insulin": "Insulin plant, also known as Costus igneus, is used in traditional medicine for its antidiabetic properties. It is believed to help in the management of diabetes.",
    "Jackfruit": "Jackfruit is a tropical fruit that is rich in vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. It is believed to have various health benefits, including improved digestion, weight loss, and better immunity.",
    "Jasmine": "Jasmine is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Kambajala": "Kambajala is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Kasambruga": "Kasambruga is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Kohlrabi": "Kohlrabi is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Lantana": "Lantana is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Lemon": "Lemon is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Lemongrass": "Lemongrass is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Malabar_Nut": "Malabar nut, also known as Justicia adhatoda, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Malabar_Spinach": "Malabar spinach, also known as Basella alba, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Mango": "Mango is a tropical fruit that is rich in vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. It is believed to have various health benefits, including improved digestion, weight loss, and better immunity.",
    "Marigold": "Marigold is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Mint": "Mint is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Neem": "Neem is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Nelavembu": "Nelavembu is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Nerale": "Nerale is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Nooni": "Nooni is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Onion": "Onion is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Padri": "Padri is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Palak(Spinach)": "Palak, also known as spinach, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Papaya": "Papaya is a tropical fruit that is rich in vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. It is believed to have various health benefits, including improved digestion, weight loss, and better immunity.",
    "Parijatha": "Parijatha is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Pea": "Pea is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Pepper": "Pepper is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Pomoegranate": "Pomegranate is a fruit that is rich in vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. It is believed to have various health benefits, including improved heart health, digestion, and immunity.",
    "Pumpkin": "Pumpkin is a vegetable that is rich in vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. It is believed to have various health benefits, including improved heart health, digestion, and immunity.",
    "Raddish": "Radish is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Rose": "Rose is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Sampige": "Sampige is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Sapota": "Sapota is a tropical fruit that is rich in vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. It is believed to have various health benefits, including improved digestion, weight loss, and better immunity.",
    "Seethaashoka": "Seethaashoka is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Seethapala": "Seethapala is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Spinach1": "Spinach is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Tamarind": "Tamarind is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Taro": "Taro is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Tecoma": "Tecoma is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Thumbe": "Thumbe is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Tomato": "Tomato is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Tulsi": "Tulsi, also known as holy basil, is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "Turmeric": "Turmeric is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "ashoka": "Ashoka is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "camphor": "Camphor is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "kamakasturi": "Kamakasturi is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties.",
    "kepala": "Kepala is used in traditional medicine for its various health benefits. It is believed to have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties."
}